The vast majority of Kafka users also have one or more SQL databases that
contain data that could be useful to have in
Kafka and downstream and stream processing applications.
Java, which Kafka Connect is built-in has
a standardized API for interfacing with SQL databases,
called the Java Database Connector.
This is almost always simply abbreviated to JDBC.
[inaudible] built a Kafka connector on top of JDBC,
which can pull data out of one or more tables in a SQL database,
and place them into one or more Kafka topics,
or pulled data from Kafka and place them into database tables.
To reiterate, the JDBC connector supports
source and sync integrations with SQL databases.
A source integration is one in which Kafka Connect
is pulling data from a data source into Kafka.
A sync integration is one in which Kafka Connect is taking data from Kafka,
and placing it into another data source.
A common use case of the JDBC connector is to
publish model updates and changes as events to Kafka.
This is a JDBC connector source.
The JDBC connector can be modified to perform this task on
a periodic basis for all or some of your models.
The query that the connector uses can even be
customized if you'd like to transform the data in some fashion.
Another common use case of the JDBC connector is to save
the resulting events from
a stream processing application into a database for long-term storage.
This is what we would refer to as a JDBC Connector Sync.